everybody welcome back to lion place
with money wise Gareth plus daily time
scores look good today oh my god it's a
mega satan run with that in mind the
scores actually don't look that good top
school right now 58,000 yesterday's
daily we moved up one spot on the
leaderboards closer to the top forty
fifth overall 0.52% raising our overall
average to four point two nine fairly
good we have not in our last 10 Daly's
had a Daly that was under four point two
nine or I mean over worse than four
point two nine it's kinda hard when
you're dealing with percentages I guess
um except for May 5th which was six
point eight six because I didn't find
the scene that's fair okay let's get
going here
it's a Judas right okay so that's the
rub the Judas runs are always a little
scary when you first get started because
obviously there's a lot of enemies who
could actually just kill you instantly
but I find the more you focus on the
fact that you could die in one hit the
more likely you are to die early on you
know you get you start second-guessing
yourself when you take a dodj oh can I
go here oh you know I'm dead don't do
that you gotta you gotta play your cards
right believe in the power of human
instinct you know I've played enough
Isaac to know that guys got to go but
now I've played enough Isaac to know
that you should dodge away from bullets
not into them and I played enough Isaac
to know that I want tears up graves not
range upgrades this was meant to be an
inspirational speech it's not really
coming across that way I had a feeling
that we would be fighting a boss who's a
little bit of a jerk
little horn is not the worst of all
bosses on the first floor definitely
like a champion rag man could be worse
but not the easiest boss either although
we sort of made it look a little easier
there of course that's not a hero font
card which is frightening so what are we
looking for now well a bomb in the key
or a penny and a key will do it I'm
hoping to get into our
a shop and use our shop as a launching
pad to grab a spear at heart the other
thing that could happen is our item room
which we have not yet gone to could
contain HP or it could contain something
that gives us spirit hearts you know
what is a a worthy room to pop this a
little concerning these enemies are the
enemies that ended like two streaks ago
by the way I can't remember it was a
champion I suppose but they can hurt you
worse than you would expect backstabber
is not what I'm looking for so you have
options here you look for rocks down
there I didn't see it tinted rock
because we're going pretty fast here
pretty quickly I'm going to look for a
spirit heart as well just in case this
is the one where you have your friend
play it and then you go hey buddy can
you go into that curse room for me and
it's not a half spirit out no can you go
into the curse room for me and let me
know if there's a spirit aren't in there
that would be great because if they die
it's not your daily so no big deal right
and if they don't die then you get to
learn something about today's daily one
bomb for two cents it actually could be
the right call but I'm gonna look for
the second secret room instead the
second secret room has granted me tonsil
I'm going to go with canes I instead but
it's a bit of a bummer let's get down to
the next floor so at least if we don't
die we also don't fall far behind
schedule here curse of the blind I did
use my bomb uh whether or not I would do
that again I don't know because the bomb
also like if we find cool if we find a
tinted rock we would like to have a bomb
but hopefully we'll get one
you're not you're done pennies I mean
this yep
that's fair this is the right time for
us to pop this pill its verb which is
given us a verb pill we should fight the
boss honestly now don't freak out it's
pin pin is easy we don't have a great
chance of getting our deal with the
devil here obviously but we got it
anyway
we got a range upgrade I don't even know
if I want to fight this because it could
be you know Krampus dude what's up with
this daily though you know what though
this is actually almost specifically the
daily archetype that I asked for I asked
for if you're going to give us bad
dailies give us dailies with no HP don't
give us dailies with no damage so this
is where we would have used our bomb and
with one spear at heart we could have
actually grabbed Oh what we got algae's
very important actually we can get
dunked on in like a second here so be
careful but at the same time it would be
very nice to not use our algae's room so
just keep yourself as far back as you
can't do one bomb could be the
difference-maker here it's a judgement
call to use the bomb to look for a
second secret room like I did it's a
bummer that it didn't work out but
that's the way the cookie crumbles you
know it's a big room we're not far
behind schedule thanks to our four point
seven two damage I don't think I could
conceivably just don't want to get hit
by the spider I don't think I could
conceivably have many more points than I
already do it's getting a little
ridiculous on this room
aqui aqui is an item room or a shop for
a spirit heart okay this is where you
use this I don't want to use this and
the book of Belial but as we approach
the end of algae's please die without
having killed every single enemy I get a
little scared here I don't dude I think
we should just go back and you go item
room where do you go shop I think you go
shop and there's no bomb for sale but
there's a 3-cent spirit heart with a key
then you use your key come in here you
grab black bean all that for black bean
I would suggest that that is a
suboptimal outcome we do want to go back
for the verb pill and we're going to be
a little bit behind schedule as a result
of this but dude this floor just living
through this floor is going to give us a
big leg up that hit me a big leg up on
the competition locust of pestilence is
probably better okay I think a lot of
people are not going to make it through
this floor it's not the easiest floor of
all time things might change if you've
got a spirit heart here or sorry if you
brought your bomb down and then you've
got a spirit heart out of that attempted
rock maybe you maybe you took the deal
with the devil I don't know what the
deal with the devil could possibly be to
make you excited but it could be
something we did not get that and as a
result find myself in times of trouble
with Mother Mary
comforting me singing words of wisdom
squeezy
please squeeze EE please please e do
please squeezy
new squeezy I will say it slower please
squeezy you know because we need not so
much that tears upgrade although
wouldn't be too upset to find it but
some spirit hearts would be real nice
right now and you know some bombs as
well I mean we've got tinted rocks
we got enough keys so a good item room
wouldn't perturb me at this point either
do they all have to be diagonal shooters
they're made my life slightly more
difficult
speaking of which yellow locust the
pestilence this is your time to shine
murder one of these dudes thank you okay
so first half of the floor handled
pretty well we still can't go into that
room our inability to go into curse
rooms is frustrating but also I find
this daily quite engaging the reason I
find it engaging is because it's so
difficult you know that oh that's a
spirit our territory you can't just walk
into your first item room on this daily
and come out with an item that's going
to allow you to go all the way you know
no wonder the scores were a little bit
lower today then you would expect from a
oh that's the good stuff then you would
expect from a mega Satan run you know
it's not guaranteed that we're going to
be able to get to boss rush also
apparently even the tinted rocks are
working against us here I don't I mean
this is what happens you know you get so
desperate for items that you start to
look at that and go maybe that's a good
use of our two keys
I would disagree though Maury this guy's
store enough potential energy and he's
going to run wild on us
obviously strange attractor one of the
best items in the game so we're going to
go with that never proptosis though okay
so that changes things drastically we
need to get to the shop we can get to
the shop we should be fine you know even
just buying a red heart is okay but for
now like just living continues to be a
little bit of an ass thank you
there's our shop as well no spirit heart
we don't really want sharp plug you can
blow them up for five cents but again
I'm not really convinced that we want
that a tinted rock seems so much more
valuable now it's a little cocky but the
fact that we now have two spirit arts
that we just picked up for the cost of a
single bomb almost makes me think that
we have won this run it's the first time
we've ever had this much survivability I
can almost go to a curse room I'm not
going to do it on this floor because
that seems like I'm just inviting
disaster there's probably a second
secret room there but you know what so
be it there will continue to be a second
secret room there for the time being
that was really bad on my part I'll
accept that mr. dolly could be big even
one black heart is good in the tiers
upgrade is nice as well oh and then you
got to go brimstone I mean I would like
to go both but you have to go brimstone
all right so I think that's our reward
for living this long now we're 40
seconds behind schedule which is
actually a little slow for a for a Judas
run if I'm being honest but that's our
reward for having lived long enough to
get to this point
to be honest with you we kind of needed
it because if we didn't get here if we
didn't get this stacked I think we would
be pretty screwed pretty soon I don't
know if this bomb will get it it did get
it okay now losing contract from below
actually means that one of the best
seams on this run to get more points at
the very least is just to have taken so
little damage and it really would
require you know you'll be in a pretty
good spot but take so little damage that
you could actually afford to take
contract from below without putting
yourself too far out you know like David
Bowie's moonage daydream chorus well
it's more of a break down at the end but
okay this so I did use bombs of key I
don't really want to use verb to get
bombs or key back it's not really a
major cost here I do think that almost
just because of the fact that we're
alive we got a chance to be top 100 top
200 today winning a Judas run is not
that hard but usually if you're going to
win as you just run you know you don't
spend the first three floors scrounging
for a spear at hard to keep yourself
alive so I think that a lot of people
are going to be under the gun there and
we were as well but luckily we managed
to make it out
r.i.p anyone who for whatever reason
took strange attractor I don't know
you know the stomach so that was pretty
dumb sometimes if you make a mistake on
a daily I weep for you you know
especially if it's like hey I got a deal
with the devil
you stupid idiot it turns out you were
not supposed to get a deal with the
devil the right play was to be bad for
the first floor and then they just give
you a mom's knife or something on the
third floor deal with the devil
need locus de pez floats kind of needs
you here thank you but if you're taking
that if you're taking strange attractor
I don't know what to tell you range
upgrade that's useless but okay keep in
mind because it goes to mega Satan we do
have we got a desire to fight hush and
we're definitely going to do boss rush
as well so it's a bit of a longer
optic daily here got a long way to go is
what I'm trying to say for bombs you
know we could probably did proptosis
brimstone damage at the end of the beam
is not that strong but we could probably
start to look for secret rooms here that
seems likely it will not be there it
could be here and was indeed I think we
should use a bomb here two cents for one
bomb is not horrible but it's not what I
was looking for and now we're going to
be like ten seconds behind schedule
which means that we gained like 30
seconds on this floor so no complaints
we've got three bombs back anyway we
should basically use bombs always here
they will only give us consumables that
are more valuable than bombs even if we
just get pennies okay so four bombs now
having gone to every room but you know
you got a you got to pick your battles
right now I think and the second secret
room is a battle I'm not going to pick
because it looks a little bit stupid
it's going to take us a little while to
get to the the plausible locations for
that so instead we're just not going to
do that it's actually a terrible room
when you have brimstone and not the
world's fastest rate of fire a rate of
fire is actually pretty great but
teratoma is one of the the hard counters
I guess what we need is like well we
don't need it we don't really need much
on this run to be honest with you but if
we could get it this lump of coal brim
like counteracts I didn't get hit on
that one did I I don't think so
does lump of coal brim counteract the
badness of bring proptosis because bring
proptosis is actually awesome until you
catch him on the very end of your like
infinity range beam at which point they
take like literally negative 100 damage
most of the time it's pretty great
though you got to look for these secret
rooms you got to look for the tinted
rocks as well there is a small chance
that this could be a secret room it is
and we've got eight bombs so I'm not
sweating it either way there's no chance
that's going to be a secret room on our
like the underside here I'm starting to
sweat boss rush but honestly it wouldn't
be a northernlion Isaac Daly if I wasn't
sweating boss rush a little bit that's
that's the way she goes now I am
sweating the fact that I can't seem to
get into an item room here and you know
what I'm not just I mean I'm using the
word sweating to the point where it's
lost all meaning but seriously I do have
hyperhidrosis I don't actually have
hyperhidrosis I mean to make light of a
condition that's the condition of
sweating a lot
I don't sweat that much but I do
overheat very easily you know I get I'm
comfortable at colder temperatures I
think it's a fairly common male thing I
knew that you know not that it's male
specific but I knew a guy though when I
worked in Korea who actually kept his
home which was you know an apartment so
it was easy enough to do
thermodynamically speaking but he kept
his apartment at like 32 degrees Celsius
I always thought he was out of his mind
you're the one who's out gobby out of
his mind we're not going to go to any
special rooms on this floor and you're
going to think that that's a
capitulation you're going to think
that's a mistake and largely you are
correct however we have almost no choice
in the matter we got to keep our pace up
similarly boss rush also requires some
HP and although I have taken some damage
I also just feel like we have not really
had an easy go of things when it comes
to stacking up hearts so the only times
it's live
to be relevant our boss rush and then
you know probably the hush fight
depending on how things go but it's a
little little dire this is where we
spend two of spades smelter so that's a
free locus of wrath or sorry locus of
pestilence basically and then diplopia
but diplopia i mean that's a verb pill
into a verb pill diplopia gives us a key
here I think how valuable is book of
Belial well for boss thrush specifically
I would say it's pretty valuable
however diplopia on boss rush can also
be wonderful are we losing a lot from a
point standpoint by not taking the
smelter I don't believe so
like I would like to play you we don't
have the money for it for one well now
we do after blowing you up perhaps
ironically but the second thing is we
have to go fast boss rush really founded
so we will probably get to it but we
have to kill it as well which is going
to take some time here mom's no problems
we can just stand right next to her and
you know light her up with the with the
brimstone proptosis but everything else
is a bit dicey here so I it's nice to
have 20 bombs it makes it pretty likely
we will be able to make the the hush
fight because we can always skip rooms
that are you know close to being bad for
us we need to go pretty soon but I can't
feel good about skipping this many item
rooms and I'm really also eager to get
tinted rocks if they exist which so far
has been a little questionable there we
go there's our item room blow this up I
got a good feeling two cards mom's
perfume it does lower our tier cap the
mom transformation means nothing to me I
think you got to stick with two of
spades alright let's get down here make
this happen you know that's going to be
a
secret rooms so we should probably peep
it pretty quickly here go fast okay I
should not have done that but he died in
like no time flat and we got a luck
upgrade so actually we did the right
thing so we are now saying goodbye
everything and hello diplopia
with curse of the blind so that's a
little scary but who dares wins on a
daily like this probably easy fights we
can actually fight Krampus yeah we'll
have time if this is Krampus we have
time it's not Grammys you can't oh wait
wait free deals of the devil take them
go ahead
shade headless baby dude this was a
terrible deal where's my where's my
Avedon's you're gonna make me take
damage to pick up one of these let's go
bottom right robo-baby 2.0 dude money
well-spent
what a classic item robo-baby 2.0 it
just rolls off the tongue
okay so perhaps fair to suggest in
today's daily fortune doesn't really
favor the bold how are we going to get
out of this one dude
we're probably going to die right now
I don't know me
the thing with diplopia is it would have
been nice to use it on boss rush that
hurts me that hurts me first off our
ranks are really close together which is
nice dude honestly it hurts me but
today's daily was fun so I'm not overly
concerned and our rank isn't even that
bad all things considered but today's
daily was fun more like this good
damaged bad HP now we achillea to put a
couple more spirit R's in and so yours
truly could survive but still thanks for
watching my apologies for capitulating
on boss rush curse of the blind deal of
the devil
curse of the blind boss rush that forced
me to walk on some spikes and then some
bad damage as well cost me the game here
but for now thanks for watching hope you
enjoyed it if you did click the like
button upside a great deal of course
subscribe you wanna see more in the
future but for now thanks for watching
and I'll see you next time